Previously on "Resident Alien"...
There are Grey-human
hybrids all over the Earth.
That's the man who shot
Peter Bach and my guards.
We need to find out
what the Greys are up to.
The Greys' cavern is here.
If they've connected it
to the magma chamber,
the pressure would turn
Yellowstone National Park
into the most destructive
natural bomb
in the history of the world.
- So how long till it blows up?
- Maybe a year.
You broke galactic law.
You are hereby ordered
to leave Earth immediately.
Son of a bitch.
That right there
is a fingerprint.
"Dr. Wendy Beasley,
retired military chemist."
We did it!
We got a match!
No, I chose last time.
I want to go where
you want to go.
- Uh-huh.
- Really.
Okay.
Well, how about Antonio's?
You think?
The pasta?
Okay, well, if you were me,
what would you want to eat?
Well, you always
like Mexican.
I do, don't I?
Mm-hmm.
Mount Taco it is.
Mount Taco.
- Have fun in the lab.
- Okay.
Dr. Wendy Beasley,
please come to Lab 209.
please come--
- Aah!
Gary?
Open the door!
Somebody open the door!
Please.
- Help!
- Gary.
Gary. Gary.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God, Gary!
No, no, no!
Gary!
They can't just
make you leave Earth.
We will fight this summons.
You do not understand.
The Galactic Federation
has referred this
to the Housing Council.
I-it is over.
Harry, you can't
just give up.
We need you here, okay?
I don't give a shit
about this Housing Council.
- No.
- Mm!
You cannot talk that way
about Housing Council.
It is very dangerous.
- Sorry, I didn't catch that.
- I can translate.
It's mostly
about losing a hand.
- Oh.
- Good choice.
What are you
doing with those?
Putting them where all
eviction notices go--the fire.
Oh, those--
those will not burn.
They're not paper.
What is it?
- Moldar skin.
Gross.
I'm vegan now.
- Moldar skin is not gross.
Moldar-skin hats
are the best hats.
Moldar skin--
try and rip it.
You cannot.
The processor is coming.
Try not to be distracted
by her pretty face.
Pubescent aliens hang holograms
of Blue Avians above their bed.
I did.
Oh.
You are a bird.
No, no!
Damn it!
Stupid portal.
Sucks--I-I'm supposed to appear
as the life forms
of my destination.
Now I'm breaking galactic law.
Great.
You do not need to appear
as a human.
You are perfect
the way you are.
Thanks, but this thing
has been touchy
ever since some idiot
from probate tried
to sneak fruit through it.
Why can't you take fruit?
That's the question
you're asking right now?
Look, just give me
the signed papers, okay?
And then the Housing Council
is going to come,
and they're going to collect
you for eviction.
You smell woodsy.
I will sign them.
- Please, Mrs. Bird--
- Oh, no.
Don't come at me
with "Mrs. Bird."
My Earth name is Heather.
- Oh, rhymes with feather.
Yeah. It does.
Wish someone had told me that
when I picked it.
Heather, Harry is
here to save our planet.
So, if you could just look
the other way on this one...
You know I get paid
by the job, right?
And how would I know that?
Well, look,
if you want the papers,
they're over there
on the floor.
- Okay.
Don't worry, I'll grab them.
I'll just go get them
off the floor
like a friggin' pigeon.
- Oh, no, no, no!
Oh, no!
both: Oh.
Terrible news.
Yeah, I can tell you two are
really, really upset about it,
but this sucks for me, okay?
Because now I have to call
the repair guy,
and he's going to take forever.
And then he's going
to have to order parts,
which will take forever.
And so, basically, I'm stuck
on the shittiest planet
in the galaxy.
No offense--
I see your mouths are agape
at me saying
"shittiest planet."
Sorry.
I need to use the bathroom.
Uh, do we put down
a newspaper or something?
It's to change, you dick.
It is down the hall
on your right.
I hope I put the seat down.
I just saved the world
with a banana.
How was your day?
- Yeah, you did.
It was the best one.
It was the perfect
amount of ripe.
So, question--
um, can any of you recommend
a hotel around here?
Something mid-range, preferably
where you can earn miles?
Huh.
I see Heather now.
Hey.
You're up early.
- Yeah.
Still can't sleep.
Up half the night
feeling terrified,
and I don't know why.
- Oh.
But I was thinking,
sometimes you're stressed.
All the time.
- A lot of the time.
- Every day.
But not when
you're making candles--
because you have
a creative outlet.
And I haven't picked up my
sketchbook in a while, I know,
but I think I'm going to do
a children's book.
Oh, that's a great idea.
You know, when I was a kid,
I always wanted a book with
a baby elephant and a monkey.
- Oh, that's sweet.
- Yeah.
- This isn't that.
- Got it.
Well, can I see?
- Eh...
I-I think I'd rather just
wait till it's finished.
Okay.
Say no more.
Mm-hmm.
But if there is
a baby elephant--
- There's not.
- Two words--sailor's cap.
Think about it.
Now, why would a
well-respected military chemist
end up living way out here
like some kind
of creepy-ass fairy-tale witch?
They say she kind of lost it
after she saw her husband die
in a lab accident.
- A lab accident?
You saying we could be facing
a super villain?
Um, no, I was not.
Okay, 'cause I can't be
facing a super villain,
not while I'm trying
to figure out
what happened
to my best deputy.
Now, tell me again what you saw
when you went
by Joseph's house, exactly.
Okay, we're definitely
going to get
back to the best-deputy part.
I told you, it was empty.
He's gone.
Isn't that suspicious?
He's army recon.
He wouldn't just quit.
What's even
more suspicious is,
right when we're looking
for another deputy,
the perfect candidate
just shows up.
That's how it works
for handsome people.
Happens to me all the time.
Every job I ever got didn't
even exist until I wanted it.
The job of sheriff existed
before you had it, sir.
Yeah, but it was the day
I said to myself,
it'd be nice to be sheriff,
that old Sheriff Hawthorne up
and died.
Now, did I kill him?
Maybe.
Luckily, you can't be arrested
for your thoughts...
yet.
But I'm working on it.
What if we fake
Harry's death?
Can't get evicted
if you're dead.
I have no choice
but to leave Earth.
We have been brainstorming
all morning.
The storm has stopped,
and now there is just mud.
Hey, guys.
Asta, I'm going to see you
at Drew's party tomorrow?
Yes.
Of course I'll be there.
Is that a pie?
I need it for my trip.
It is a pie,
but it's not for you.
It's for my paralegal.
- Oh.
Hey, hypothetically, say your
friend was getting evicted--
Is this the same
friend as last time?
By the way,
you still owe me $200.
Uh, without names,
say you wanted to stop
the hypothetical eviction.
My first piece of legal
advice would be not to co-sign
a lease with this one.
- Okay.
I just--Can we--
- Noted.
But for your other friend,
I would say maybe just wait
it out or possibly countersue.
What are you doing?
It was like that.
You're countersuing?
Do you even realize
how much paperwork that is?
Guess I can say goodbye to my
timeshare on Lesser Antares.
Oh, I am sorry.
Lesser Antares is very pretty.
- Yeah.
I have Moldar-skin pants
from there.
Me too.
They're so durable.
You ever try ripping
them in half?
both: ♪ You cannot
Hey, no one's ever taken on
the Housing Council before.
What's going on with you?
You some kind of bad boy
or something?
Yep, I'm a bad boy.
Oh.
I don't care about it.
I'm not even a real doctor.
Ooh, that is bad.
I killed a man.
You what?
He was evil.
I saw him kick a seagull.
- Oh.
- And stole its French fry.
- Uh-uh.
- So I killed him.
It's nice to talk
to a-another alien.
If you are going to be
in Patience for a while,
maybe I could show
you around town.
We have a pizza place!
- I don't like pizza.
Oh, I hate pizza.
We are the same.
Thanks, but I think
I'm just going to head
back to the hotel.
My back has been killing me
for some reason.
It is the human bed--
so primitive.
I miss my Trixian saliva bed.
Wait, you're kidding me?
I didn't know you
could still get those.
Bad boys can.
I could look at you in the
exam room, help your back.
We could talk
about spit blankets.
Okay.
Nurse, uh, make Heather
more comfortable.
Get--get--get a blanket
and spit on it.
I will get her a blanket,
but I am not doing that.
I am sorry for the primitive
nature of Earth medicine.
This is how they
listen to your heart.
Why not get two soup cans
and connect them with string?
Oh.
Oh, uh...
I can hear that you are dying.
Uh, please remove your jacket.
Everything okay back there?
Is she electric?
I am buzzing,
and my knees are melting.
I fell.
I was--
Something bit me.
Oh. Sorry.
It's probably a mite.
Or as you might say it...
.
You speak...
Yeah, of course I do.
It's one of the most beautiful
languages in the universe.
She is perfect in every way.
I have a strange desire
to smell her.
That would be weird.
I bet she smells
like a feather pillow
locked in a hot car.
Can I talk to you
for a minute?
Me?
All right.
This--this is for you.
Thank you.
Oh.
- What the hell were you doing?
- I don't know.
My knees are weak,
and my palms are sweating.
I know what this is.
I have seen this
in human movies.
I am in love.
What?
No, you just met her.
I love--I love her.
- Shh.
- I cannot help it.
I feel l-love for her.
It's--it's like how I feel love
for you, Asta,
but it is different.
It is not just in my head
or in my heart,
but it is in my pants.
Oh.
Is that why they
call it "in love"
because it is in your pants?
Harry?
You coming back?
My legs.
Okay.
- Dr. Beasley?
- Who are you?
We want to talk to you about
the alien tracker, Peter Bach.
Peter Bach is dead.
We know that.
We believe he was murdered.
I miss her.
Do--do you think she misses me?
I-I-I realize that your
first crush is...
- Uh, everything.
But--but we are trying
to save the world,
you and me, you know?
A-and you can't be distracted
by a relationship right now.
My heart...
It sweats.
Huh?
What heat remains
in my chest.
And poetry.
You are a light
in the blackout.
Oh, boy.
I'd like to touch you
where the eggs pop out.
Yeah.
It's titled "Bird Boner."
Why don't you take a seat?
Standing there,
it's making me uncomfortable.
We're here because
we found your fingerprints
in Peter's van.
You have the van?
Where is it?
Why is the van important?
It--it doesn't matter.
You won't believe me.
And if you do,
they'll get to you,
and they will tell you
that I'm crazy.
But I know what I saw,
and I know what happened
to my husband,
and it wasn't
a goddamn gas leak,
and it wasn't made by humans.
I see you.
You think that I don't know
that look?
You need to leave.
Um, I saw a UFO...
when I was a kid.
Everyone said I made it up
for attention.
And Peter was the only one
who has ever believed me.
I need to find out
what happened, please.
Peter trusted me.
So can you.
- Do you have the key?
- The van key?
I got it right here.
If Peter trusted you, he
would have given you the key.
Get out.
Let me guess--still filling
out your college application?
- These essays are stupid.
Look,
I don't even want to go,
but my mom thinks college
will give me options, so...
Ah, options are good.
I didn't have many.
I ended up living
with my dad till my 30s.
Yeah. And that's why
I'm still single.
"How has your family
history shaped your life?"
That's fun.
I'm adopted.
Hmm.
Right.
Yeah.
And so are you.
So I don't know my family
because you
don't know your family.
So, apparently, only people
with enormous family trees
get to go to college.
The system is corrupt.
I can't be a part of it.
You're a part of our family.
Yeah, but I'm not, like,
a blood relative.
So it's--it's not really
the same thing.
Have you taken her
to the rez yet?
Not yet.
It's settled.
You're coming to Drew's party.
Time to meet your whole family.
You wanted a family tree,
you got yourself
a whole forest.
This model
of the Yellowstone caldera
will help me figure out
the Greys' plan.
I have to present my findings
to the general tomorrow,
and I still do not know
why the Greys want to blow up
the super volcano.
If I can find the answer,
I bet it will impress Heather.
I wonder if her feathers
are soft.
Oh, shit, I did it again!
This is what Asta
was talking about.
Even thinking about her
is interrupting my work.
Maybe if I call Heather and
hear her voice, it will help,
like when I am hungry
and eat just one potato chip.
Yeah.
Hello, Harry.
Aah!
Nope, nope, nope.
Uh, Dr. Harry Vanderspeigle
speaking.
It's Heather.
You just called me.
Nope.
Nope, I'm--
You called me.
Because you called me.
It's fine.
I was going to call you anyway.
You were?
I mean--
What about?
I found this hole
with a little bump in it
on my stomach,
and I've never been nude
in human form
long enough to notice it.
What is it for?
The reason is gross.
I threw up when I found out.
Humans grow babies
inside of their bodies.
Oh.
And then they come
out of that bump?
No. Although, the reality
is not much better.
Okay.
I'm going to hang up.
I want to go back to exploring
every single inch of my body.
I will never be able
to work again.
My knees.
Elliot, hi.
Hi.
Laundry day.
Fun times, yeah.
Uh, how are you doing?
- I'm good.
It's good to see you.
Hi.
This is Natalie.
Natalie, this is D'Arcy.
- Hey.
Oh, you're D'Arcy.
Hi.
Oh, you're Natalie.
Of course.
- How have you been?
- Oh, I've been great.
So good.
Yeah, I've been doing stuff,
big stuff.
This morning I had
a crazy thing happen--
before laundry--
where I did this huge thing.
I can't tell you what it is,
but pretty major.
Um, kind of top secret, but...
I'd say, without me,
the world would be over.
Lots of people saved.
Banana was involved.
Okay, well, it was nice
meeting you,
but we should probably go.
- Yeah, I got to go too.
Got to fold this stuff, so...
Therefore,
the Greys will harness
the intense natural power
of the caldera--
not unlike the intense
natural power of love.
Oh, so intense and strong,
and you can't let it
get away...
just like you cannot let the--
the Greys get away
with setting off
a super--super volcano
and destroying,
uh, all humanity on Earth.
Boom.
How does an alien species
dig an underground cavern
in the middle
of a national park for 80 years
and we don't know about it?
I can take that one.
Humans are stupid.
How do we know this alien
isn't working
with the other aliens?
How do I know
this general isn't working
with the other generals?
I am working
with the other generals.
- He admits it!
- Stop.
He's one of the most
intelligent beings
on this planet.
We need his help
to find a solution
to what might be the biggest
problem humans will ever face.
That problem is, how do you
get them to love you back?
Let's toss that around.
There's no wrong answers.
I was talking about the swarm
of Grey hybrids at Yellowstone.
Oh, okay.
We'll do the love thing next.
I recommend full assault--
shockwave tasers,
mass electrocution.
Oh, that's a terrible idea.
If you attack the hybrids,
then the Greys will just freeze
your soldiers
and kill them all.
- You can't sit and do nothing.
- Because love will go away.
Thank you. That is one vote
for saying "I love you."
He was talking
about the Greys.
Oh, I need time
to figure out the plan.
You have one week.
Then we're moving in.
all: Hey!
- Mark, Dan.
- Hey.
- Asta.
- Hi.
And Jay, right?
- Yeah.
Jay, these are
all your relations.
This is your second cousin,
Sampson and Will.
- Hi.
- Your cousin Peter.
Kayla's sister Rachel.
- Hi.
- Auntie Mena.
Auntie Louise
and Grandma Ruth.
And the happy couple,
Drew and Manuel.
- Hi.
Thanks. It's really nice
to meet all of you.
I think I might need to go
over the names once or twice.
My girl, let's go get you
some buffalo stew.
- Oh, yeah.
- Yeah.
Oh, so handsome.
- Thank you.
- Look at this--nice bling.
Don't be jealous just because
you don't got a medallion yet.
Wait, what about, um,
your short king, Harry?
Where's your boyfriend Harry?
Stop.
No. Stop it.
- Where's boyfriend Harry?
- Oh, hey. Hey.
I heard it was a tractor.
Nuh-uh.
I heard it was a helicopter.
Dewey said
it was a monster truck.
What are we talking about?
Trying to guess what
Liv and that sheriff
have hidden on the rez.
- What?
They're all wrong.
It's a van.
They're trying to get
fingerprints.
Interesting, a van.
Where exactly?
You saw Dr. Beasley
when you mentioned the van?
We might not have the key,
but there has to be
something we missed--
like a keyhole?
I may not trust
the forest doctor,
but I do trust
your instincts, Deputy,
and something's definitely
off with this van.
What do you see?
Well, this is
a 255-horsepower,
5.4-liter
V-8 E350 cargo van, right?
My buddy Roger,
he's got this exact model.
Everything in here is standard
except for this flooring.
See, this is
aftermarket black PVC
thermoplastic lining, right?
Now, I think we need
to get this lining out.
We gonna find
what we're looking for.
So I'm going to
need a few things.
I'm going to need a crowbar.
We need a half gallon
of muriatic acid.
I'm going to need, like,
nine strips of firecrackers,
the little ones, though,
not the M80s.
Although I will need
16 of those.
Found it.
Well, well, well,
we got ourselves a keyhole.
Huh.
Once again, I have followed
your instincts
and led us to victory.
- Okay.
- Mm.
If I have learned one thing
from meeting
with the generals,
it is that mating is like war.
You cannot sit around
and wait.
You have to take action.
Do it.
She's the one in the jacket.
I think I know
which one she is.
Oh, God, wait,
I changed my mind.
What did she say?
She's looking over here.
"Are there
any doctors in town
"you like more than a friend?
Circle yes, no, maybe."
Did she say anything?
You got to tell me everything.
Oh, she's com--she's coming.
Go, go, go.
Harry, hey.
Um, I'm really flattered.
It worked.
But, uh, you can't have
feelings for me.
Your species has no emotions.
I do.
I-it's the human in me.
You ate a human?
No.
I mean, the DNA.
Got it.
Because I was going to ask you
how they, you know...
- Taste?
- Mm-hmm.
I don't know.
Probably like chick--
like, uh...
You were going
to say "chicken" just now.
- I wasn't, no.
- Uh, you were.
I was going to say
"ChapStick."
It's a tasty...
stick of wax.
Oh, I know.
I've eaten quite a few of them.
Yeah.
You're great.
- Thank you.
Your kind is usually so cold,
and you are so different.
You're a lot--a lot different.
It's just--I'm only hanging out
here until the portal is fixed.
So what would be the point,
as they say?
So let's just be friends.
I understand.
Yes, let's just be friends.
Okay.
So you're circling no?
I would love to circle "yes,"
but it's not--
that's not feasible.
Right.
Friends.
Yeah.
That's really all I want...
is friendship.
Great.
I want to die.
Thanks for showing
us so much love.
All right, this next tune is
going out to our happy couple,
Drew and Manuel.
Thank you.
♪ Long time ago,
we had some dough ♪
♪ Needed to unwind
♪ Looking for trouble,
looking for fun... ♪
Harry, I have called you
five times.
Where are you?
Mike and Liv have been stashing
the alien tracker van
on the rez.
Who knows if there's any
traces of your DNA in there?
You need to call me back.
Bye.
Don't tell Drew, but I think
Grams has a new favorite.
I always knew
they'd get along.
What?
What's wrong?
Nothing. I'm--I'm so happy
she's here.
I just--I wish when I was 16,
I could have looked ahead
and seen all this,
and then I would have known
that if I had held on to her,
everything
would have been all right.
That 16-year-old gave up
the most precious thing
in her life.
I can't imagine
how that must have hurt.
But you did it because you knew
with everything going on
in your life at that time that
it was the best thing for Jay.
Right.
Come on.
- You want to dance?
- Oh, I do.
Hi.
♪ Hey, baby
♪ My baby
♪ Where are you tonight?
♪ Hey, baby
♪ My baby
♪ Where are you tonight?
Oh.
I told you
not to look at that.
Whoops, that's
not my checkbook.
How much did you see?
Only the scary parts.
There are no scary parts.
It's a children's book.
Hey, what's this?
Oh, no, Max, don't.
Hmm.
No.
We have a problem.
Anders just walked off
the Darling Project.
He said the results you want
are impossible.
Get someone else.
There is no one else
who's done this before.
Yes, there is.
Cobra up.
Nice and easy.
Head up to the sky.
Breathe, take your time.
When you're ready to go down,
push your hips up to the sky,
strain your back,
and hold the pose.
Hi.
I'm retired.
You retired me.
What if I say no?
I don't know.
Let's find out.
That would be fun.
If we run out of magnets,
I got some more office supplies
from Amazon Prime.
The Transformer?
What?
You know,
Optimus Prime's wife.
Uh, no,
that's, um, not what I meant.
Also, just curious,
how would I, like,
even meet a Transformer to get
a box of magnets from them?
Could be anyplace--the gym,
maybe an auto-body shop.
Hey, look, check out
these schematics.
It appears that your instincts
were dead-on.
Look at that.
Wow. There's room
for a hidden compartment
near the cross-shaped indent.
Now we just have to figure out
how to open it.
Damn, that's
a high-quality magnet.
Probably fit, like,
three of these pictures
to Fred's metal hip
with one of these bad boys.
Oh.
Where did you find this magnet?
- I found it stuck to the desk.
What desk?
Wait, what's that?
Bingo.
What's he doing?
He just put that phone
in his pocket.
He's reading Robert's diary.
Is there anything important
in that?
The therapist's name.
Sheriff, the therapist died
a day after Joseph saw
that diary.
So, if he came here
to spy on us,
he could still be doing it.
Dr. Beasley.
We're too late.
Oh.
Yeah, this thing's
on its last legs.
Well, I don't care
how many legs it has.
Just how long to fix it,
and can you make it longer?
Brought you pretzels.
Well, I found them in the Jeep,
but I brought them
inside, so...
Is that a human?
That is not cool, man.
She can't see me.
This is going to go
on my record.
That is just her human form.
She is a slug species
from the Earendel system.
Thanks for that.
Now, you see your first alien,
mind-blowing.
And then after that,
it's kind of like, meh.
Why are you here?
I need to check
on where we're at
with the whole
"saving the world" thing.
We are not at anywhere.
I am building a model
of the Yellowstone caldera
to figure out
what the Greys' plan is
to slaughter
all of the human race.
But I ran out of glitter.
Oh, you made the snow
all sparkly.
- Need some trees.
Can I add some?
You are already doing it.
Question for you--
you're an alien here to save
the world, blah, blah, blah.
Does it ever bother you
that you can't tell anybody
about it?
It was hard at first,
but then...
Asta found out.
And it was easier
because I was no longer alone.
See, that's what I mean.
I saw Elliot today.
He has a girlfriend now,
which kind of made me
feel like shit.
Why are you telling me this?
I don't know,
because you're an alien.
I figure you can't judge me.
It's like talking to a dog.
Anyway, if I could tell Elliot
what I was doing,
you know, then I'd have
something too.
If you do something special
and nobody knows about it,
are you still special?
So who's Elliot?
You guys done or what?
Go away.
Also...
Elliott is happy.
And I was actually happy
to see him happy.
If you were happy
that he was happy,
then why is your face all mopey
and your voice
is like wet underwear?
Because if I want him happy,
even if he didn't want me,
then that means that...
I love him, and...
I ruined something...
real.
Are we really not going to
talk about Mom's murder story?
It's not--
God forbid I write a sweet
little children's book.
There are worms coming out
of the dead mouse's stomach.
- Those are entrails.
- Ugh.
I am done with dinner.
Hon, Max is right.
Maybe we need to talk about it.
Go ahead, Max.
What?
No way am I going first.
Okay.
Well, I think we were
both just expecting
something a little more cute
and--and upbeat
for a children's book.
It's a beautiful story
about a mother feeding
and protecting her babies.
Objectively, if you were
in your classroom
and you saw
a student drawing this...
Would you maybe call
their parents in to talk?
Oh, my God,
what is happening to me?
I can't get these owls
out of my head.
I saw a movie once
where a person saw an owl,
and it meant they were being
abducted by aliens.
Does your butt hurt?
Okay, that's not
really dinner talk.
And we have been over this--
there's no such thing
as aliens, okay?
Getting the band
back together--
man, we haven't dusted up
like that since...
the Gathering of Nations.
Yeah.
Hey, Dad,
I think I did a bad thing.
Harry's in love
with this alien bird.
And so I told him
not to pursue it.
I told him that he should focus
on saving the world,
but I don't think
that's why I did it.
Someone feeling
a little jealous?
No.
Well, not romantically anyway.
But...
maybe, yeah.
I mean, it was always
just me and Harry.
He needed me.
And now he's not even answering
my phone calls.
You know how much
you mean to him.
I know.
Being there today, seeing
all those people,
surrounded by all that love...
It just made me realize he
should get to have that too.
- Hey.
- Hi.
Thank you so much
for bringing me to the rez.
It was a lot, but I loved it.
Also, my mom and I kind of got
into a bit of a fight,
so I was wondering
if maybe I could crash
with you for a few days.
Before you say no,
just think about it, okay?
It could be fun.
All right, um, I've got to go,
but think about it.
All right.
I'll talk to you soon.
O-okay.
There are many terrifying
things in the world,
but the most terrifying
thing is love.
♪ In the middle
of the night again ♪
♪ Still water,
and the birds don't sing... ♪
It attacks you like
a thing with claws.
♪ Medicating for
the trouble that's coming ♪
♪ This house wasn't made
for strangers ♪
♪ But you come knocking
anyway ♪
♪ I can hear you
knocking on the door ♪
♪ I won't leave it open
for you anymore ♪
Love opens you up,
and there you are.
♪ Knocking on the door
of the house of mercy ♪
♪ Don't try
to change my mind ♪
And you don't
even try to stop it.
You let it feed.
♪ Don't try to wear me down
Because real love makes
you want the person you love
to be okay...
Even if you are not.
Heather?
Son of a bitch.
Tell me
about when you worked
for DARPA's
autonomous robotics program.
The VA would donate soldiers
who were in a vegetative state
to DARPA.
Instead of pulling the plug,
we kept them alive
and ran experiments.
I quit that job.
I still have nightmares.
Nope.
No way in hell
am I putting that thing on.
It's not for you.
It's for him.
Who better to fight aliens
than someone
who can see aliens?